README.md, before:

# Data Science Portfolio
Repository containing portfolio of data science projects completed by me, self learning, and hobby purposes. Presented in the form of Jupyter Notebooks.

## Contents

- ### Machine Learning

	- [SIMPLE NEURAL NETWORK WITH GRADIENT DESCENT](https://github.com/pars3c/model_weight_improvement_1): A model made to find a way to get to the corresponded value feeded to it
	- [SPAM OR HAM DETECTION](https://github.com/pars3c/naive-bayes-spam-or-ham/blob/master/Naive%20Bayes%20Spam%20or%20Ham.ipynb): Naive Bayes model made to predict wether an email is a spam or not.
	- [IRIS LOGISTIC REGRESSION](https://github.com/pars3c/logistic-regression-formula-basics/blob/master/Logistic%20Regression%20Formula%20Train.ipynb): Analyzing a dataset containing data of the Iris specimen and using the most basic foundation of Logistic Regression to Classify which flower it is based on its sepal length, sepal width, petal length and petal width.
	- [SOCCER RESULTS PREDICTION](https://github.com/pars3c/soccer_bets/blob/master/Soccer.ipynb): A project still in progress, the objective is to use find a model that predicts the result with a good accuracy.

	_Tools: scikit-learn, Pandas, Seaborn, Matplotlib, Numpy, Seaborn 

- ### Data Manipulation and Visualization: 

	- [COUNTRY HAPPINESS ANALYSIS](https://github.com/pars3c/countries-happiness/blob/master/Happiness.ipynb): Going through the data of many different Countries to find which is the happiest and why. While I go through it, I also try to find, what makes a Country have confidence in its Government
	- [USA CRIMINAL RECORDS](https://github.com/pars3c/datacamp-exercises/blob/master/data-manipulation/data-manipulation.ipynb): In this FBI dataset from 2013, I iterate data manipulation and visualization to find where in the United States of America is each type crime more predominant.
	- [EXPLORING 67 YEARS OF LEGO (DATACAMP EXERCISE)](https://github.com/pars3c/datacamp-exercises/blob/master/Exploring-67-years-of-LEGO/notebook.ipynb): Using two datasets that go back 67 years, to track the changes in Lego themes, colors and the change in the ammount of different toys produced as well as when, all those changes started to really happen.
	- [EXPLORING HOSPITALS HANDWASHING DATA FROM 1818 (DATACAMP EXERCISE)](https://github.com/pars3c/datacamp-exercises/blob/master/semmelweis-handwashing-exercise/semmelweis_handwashing.ipynb): An analysis on how data science can be massive help, when we have life and death situtations. In this case Dr. Ignaz Semmelweis a Hungarian physician born in 1818 gathered data on childbed fever. A deadly disease affecting women that just have given birth. 
In the early 1840s at the Vienna General Hospital as many as 10% of the women giving birth would die from it. What we can find is that the contaminated hands of the doctors delivering the babies appear to be the reason for this, To prove this he gathered data from a clinic where doctors would wash their hands, and another one where no washing would happen.
	- [Recreating John Snow Ghost Map (DATACAMP EXERCISE)](https://github.com/pars3c/datacamp-exercises/blob/master/Recreating-John-Snow-Ghost-Map/notebook.ipynb): Exercise made to express the need for data science in spatial analysis. In this exercise as Dr. John Snow during 1853 and 1857 shows us, he used data to figured where the cholera epidemic was coming from exactly.  


If you liked what you saw, want to have a chat with me about the portfolio, work opportunities, or collaboration, shoot an email at aderito_xavier@sapo.pt.

Commit message:

datacamp history of the scala language project added

README.md, after:

# Data Science Portfolio
Repository containing portfolio of data science projects completed by me, self learning, and hobby purposes. Presented in the form of Jupyter Notebooks.

## Contents

- ### Machine Learning

	- [SIMPLE NEURAL NETWORK WITH GRADIENT DESCENT](https://github.com/pars3c/model_weight_improvement_1): A model made to find a way to get to the corresponded value feeded to it
	- [SPAM OR HAM DETECTION](https://github.com/pars3c/naive-bayes-spam-or-ham/blob/master/Naive%20Bayes%20Spam%20or%20Ham.ipynb): Naive Bayes model made to predict wether an email is a spam or not.
	- [IRIS LOGISTIC REGRESSION](https://github.com/pars3c/logistic-regression-formula-basics/blob/master/Logistic%20Regression%20Formula%20Train.ipynb): Analyzing a dataset containing data of the Iris specimen and using the most basic foundation of Logistic Regression to Classify which flower it is based on its sepal length, sepal width, petal length and petal width.
	- [SOCCER RESULTS PREDICTION](https://github.com/pars3c/soccer_bets/blob/master/Soccer.ipynb): A project still in progress, the objective is to use find a model that predicts the result with a good accuracy.

	_Tools: scikit-learn, Pandas, Seaborn, Matplotlib, Numpy, Seaborn 

- ### Data Manipulation and Visualization: 

	- [COUNTRY HAPPINESS ANALYSIS](https://github.com/pars3c/countries-happiness/blob/master/Happiness.ipynb): Going through the data of many different Countries to find which is the happiest and why. While I go through it, I also try to find, what makes a Country have confidence in its Government
	- [USA CRIMINAL RECORDS](https://github.com/pars3c/datacamp-exercises/blob/master/data-manipulation/data-manipulation.ipynb): In this FBI dataset from 2013, I iterate data manipulation and visualization to find where in the United States of America is each type crime more predominant.
	- [EXPLORING 67 YEARS OF LEGO (DATACAMP EXERCISE)](https://github.com/pars3c/datacamp-exercises/blob/master/Exploring-67-years-of-LEGO/notebook.ipynb): Using two datasets that go back 67 years, to track the changes in Lego themes, colors and the change in the ammount of different toys produced as well as when, all those changes started to really happen.
	- [EXPLORING HOSPITALS HANDWASHING DATA FROM 1818 (DATACAMP EXERCISE)](https://github.com/pars3c/datacamp-exercises/blob/master/semmelweis-handwashing-exercise/semmelweis_handwashing.ipynb): An analysis on how data science can be massive help, when we have life and death situtations. In this case Dr. Ignaz Semmelweis a Hungarian physician born in 1818 gathered data on childbed fever. A deadly disease affecting women that just have given birth. 
In the early 1840s at the Vienna General Hospital as many as 10% of the women giving birth would die from it. What we can find is that the contaminated hands of the doctors delivering the babies appear to be the reason for this, To prove this he gathered data from a clinic where doctors would wash their hands, and another one where no washing would happen.
	- [Recreating John Snow Ghost Map (DATACAMP EXERCISE)](https://github.com/pars3c/datacamp-exercises/blob/master/Recreating-John-Snow-Ghost-Map/notebook.ipynb): Exercise made to express the need for data science in spatial analysis. In this exercise as Dr. John Snow during 1853 and 1857 shows us, he used data to figured where the cholera epidemic was coming from exactly.  
	- [GITHUB HISTORY OF THE SCALA LANGUAGE (DATACAMP EXERCISE)](https://github.com/pars3c/datacamp-exercises/blob/master/The-GitHub-History-of-the-Scala-Language/notebook.ipynb): An evaluation on the git pull requests made on the scala repository during it's birth to the present, filtering who were the most active contributors, as well as the most actively changed files.


If you liked what you saw, want to have a chat with me about the portfolio, work opportunities, or collaboration, shoot an email at aderito_xavier@sapo.pt.
